# ADSP - from yandex
vendor/bin/adsprpcd
vendor/lib64/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libcdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvadsp_stub.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvopt.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_callback_skel.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_stub.so
vendor/lib/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libcdsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvadsp_stub.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvopt.so

# ADSP modules - from yandex
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_Classic.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_HD.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_fd_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_add_constant.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libapps_mem_heap.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdspCV_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_AUE_Forward_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_800h_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_Qtc2_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveBlobDescriptor_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveObjectSegmentation_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveT2T_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libvpp_svc_skel.so

# Audio - from yandex
vendor/lib/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib/libadm.so
vendor/lib/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib/libqtigef.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcbassboost.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcreverb.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcvirt.so

# ANT+ - from yandex
-lib/libantradio.so
lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so
-lib64/libantradio.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0-impl.so

# Bluetooth - from yandex
vendor/bin/hci_qcomm_init
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/libbt-hidlclient.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/libbt-hidlclient.so
vendor/lib64/libbtnv.so

# Bluetooth - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti

# Bluetooth - aptX - from B2N_sprout PPR1.180610.011
lib64/libaptX_encoder.so|22f5749edb5099526788c22708099a7791dd837f
lib64/libaptXHD_encoder.so|c4ad4d6d7615f7df3ea1a4be5c6dae8a8c8ee8b1

# Charger - from yandex
vendor/bin/hvdcp_opti

# CNE - from yandex
etc/permissions/cneapiclient.xml
etc/permissions/com.quicinc.cne.xml
framework/cneapiclient.jar
framework/com.quicinc.cne.jar
-priv-app/CNEService/CNEService.apk
vendor/bin/cnd
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile15.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile16.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile17.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile18.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile19.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile20.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile21.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile32.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile7.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile6.xml
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.2.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.3.so
vendor/lib64/libcne.so
vendor/lib64/libcneapiclient.so
vendor/lib64/libcneoplookup.so
vendor/lib64/libcneqmiutils.so
vendor/lib64/libwms.so
vendor/lib64/libwqe.so
vendor/lib64/libxml.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.data.factory@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.data.factory@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.dynamicdds@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.qmi@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.latency@2.0.so

# DPM - from yandex
bin/dpmd
etc/dpm/dpm.conf
etc/init/dpmd.rc
etc/permissions/com.qti.dpmframework.xml
etc/permissions/dpmapi.xml
framework/com.qti.dpmframework.jar
framework/dpmapi.jar
framework/tcmclient.jar
lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0.so
lib64/libdiag_system.so
lib64/libdpmctmgr.so
lib64/libdpmfdmgr.so
lib64/libdpmframework.so
lib64/libdpmtcm.so
vendor/bin/dpmQmiMgr
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libdpmqmihal.so
-priv-app/dpmserviceapp/dpmserviceapp.apk

# DRM - from yandex
vendor/bin/qseecomd
vendor/lib/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib64/libqisl.so
vendor/lib64/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib64/librpmb.so
vendor/lib64/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib64/libsecureui_svcsock.so
vendor/lib64/libSecureUILib.so
vendor/lib64/libssd.so
vendor/lib64/libStDrvInt.so

# DRM - TUI - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so

# DRM - Widevine
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.drm@1.1-service.widevine
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.drm@1.1-service.widevine.rc
vendor/lib64/libwvhidl.so
vendor/lib64/libhdcpsrm.so
vendor/lib64/libcpion.so

# Bluetooth FM - from yandex
lib/fm_helium.so
lib/libfm-hci.so
-lib/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so
lib64/fm_helium.so
lib64/libfm-hci.so
-lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0-impl.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so:vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so

# Gatekeeper - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/hw/gatekeeper.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/hw/gatekeeper.sdm660.so

# GPS - from yandex
etc/permissions/com.qti.location.sdk.xml
etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.location.xml
etc/permissions/izat.xt.srv.xml
etc/permissions/privapp-permissions-com.qualcomm.location.xml
framework/com.qti.location.sdk.jar
framework/izat.xt.srv.jar
lib64/liblocationservice_jni.so
lib64/libxt_native.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.1.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.2.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@2.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@2.1.so
-priv-app/com.qualcomm.location/com.qualcomm.location.apk
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.gnss@2.0-service
vendor/bin/loc_launcher
vendor/bin/lowi-server
vendor/bin/slim_daemon
vendor/bin/xtra-daemon
vendor/bin/xtwifi-client
vendor/bin/xtwifi-inet-agent
vendor/etc/cacert_location.pem
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.gnss@2.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/xtra_root_cert.pem
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.gnss@2.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/libalarmservice_jni.so
vendor/lib64/libdataitems.so
vendor/lib64/libdrplugin_client.so
vendor/lib64/libDRPlugin.so
vendor/lib64/libevent_observer.so
vendor/lib64/libflp.so
vendor/lib64/libgdtap.so
vendor/lib64/libgeofence.so
vendor/lib64/libizat_client_api.so
vendor/lib64/libizat_core.so
vendor/lib64/liblbs_core.so
vendor/lib64/libloc_api_v02.so
vendor/lib64/libloc_ds_api.so
vendor/lib64/liblocationservice_glue.so
vendor/lib64/liblocationservice.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_client.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_wifihal.so
vendor/lib64/libquipc_os_api.so
vendor/lib64/libslimclient.so
vendor/lib64/libulp2.so
vendor/lib64/libxtadapter.so
vendor/lib64/libxtwifi_ulp_adaptor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@2.0.so

# Graphics - yandex
vendor/lib/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib/hw/vulkan.sdm660.so
vendor/lib/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib/libCB.so
vendor/lib/libgsl.so
vendor/lib/libhdr_tm.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib/libRSDriver_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib64/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib64/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib64/libCB.so
vendor/lib64/libgsl.so
vendor/lib64/libhdr_tm.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib64/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/libRSDriver_adreno.so

# Graphics (SDM) - from yandex
vendor/lib/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib/libsdmextension.so
vendor/lib/libtinyxml2_1.so
vendor/lib64/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-disp-vndapis.so
vendor/lib64/libsdmextension.so
vendor/lib64/libtinyxml2_1.so

# Keymaster - from yandex
vendor/lib/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib/libqtikeymaster4.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib64/libqtikeymaster4.so

# Keystore - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-service-qti
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@4.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/hw/keystore.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/hw/keystore.sdm660.so

# Listen - from yandex
vendor/lib/hw/sound_trigger.primary.sdm660.so
vendor/lib/libadpcmdec.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-calwrapper.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-ipc.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-osal.so
vendor/lib/libgcs.so
vendor/lib/libsmwrapper.so

# Media - from yandex
lib/extractors/libmmparser.so
lib/libFileMux.so
lib/libmmosal.so
lib/libmmparser_lite.so
lib/libOmxMux.so
lib64/libmmosal.so
-vendor/lib/libgpustats.so
vendor/lib/libI420colorconvert.so
vendor/lib/libmm-color-convertor.so
vendor/lib/libmmosal_proprietary.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_detail_enhancement.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_math.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_opencl.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_platform.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAacDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxEvrcDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxVideoDSMode.so
vendor/lib/libOmxVpp.so
vendor/lib/libvpphvx.so
vendor/lib/libvpplibrary.so
vendor/lib/libvqzip.so
-vendor/lib64/libgpustats.so

# Perf - from yandex
vendor/bin/energy-awareness
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service
vendor/bin/msm_irqbalance
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/perf/commonresourceconfigs.xml
vendor/etc/perf/perfboostsconfig.xml
vendor/etc/perf/targetconfig.xml
vendor/etc/perf/targetresourceconfigs.xml
vendor/lib/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so

# Peripheral manager - from yandex
vendor/bin/pm-proxy
vendor/bin/pm-service
vendor/lib64/libperipheral_client.so

# Power-off alarm - from yandex
-vendor/app/PowerOffAlarm/PowerOffAlarm.apk
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service
vendor/bin/power_off_alarm
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0.so

# Postprocessing - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.display.color@1.0-service
vendor/bin/mm-pp-dpps
vendor/etc/init/vendor.display.color@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib64/libdisp-aba.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.color@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.postproc@1.0.so

# QMI - from yandex
etc/permissions/qti_libpermissions.xml
etc/permissions/qti_permissions.xml
vendor/bin/irsc_util
vendor/bin/pd-mapper
vendor/lib/libdiag.so
vendor/lib/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib/libidl.so
vendor/lib/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib/libqdi.so
vendor/lib/libqdp.so
vendor/lib/libqmi.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib/libqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libdiag.so
vendor/lib64/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib64/libidl.so
vendor/lib64/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib64/libqdi.so
vendor/lib64/libqdp.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib64/libqmiservices.so

# QTI factory - from yandex
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/permissions/vendor.qti.hardware.factory.xml
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.data.factory@1.0.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.data.factory@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.factory@1.0.so

# Radio - from yandex
etc/permissions/embms.xml
etc/permissions/qcrilhook.xml
etc/permissions/telephonyservice.xml
framework/QtiTelephonyServicelibrary.jar
framework/embmslibrary.jar
framework/qcrilhook.jar
framework/qti-telephony-common.jar
vendor/bin/ATFWD-daemon
vendor/bin/hw/qcrild
vendor/bin/netmgrd
vendor/bin/port-bridge
vendor/bin/qti
vendor/bin/rmt_storage
vendor/bin/tftp_server
vendor/etc/data/dsi_config.xml
vendor/etc/data/netmgr_config.xml
vendor/etc/init/qcrild.rc
vendor/lib/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib64/libconfigdb.so
vendor/lib64/libdsi_netctrl.so
vendor/lib64/liblqe.so
vendor/lib64/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_common.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_nr_fusion.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_rmnet_ext.so
vendor/lib64/libnlnetmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libpdmapper.so
vendor/lib64/libpdnotifier.so
vendor/lib64/libqcmaputils.so
vendor/lib64/libqcrilFramework.so
vendor/lib64/libqrtr.so
vendor/lib64/libqsocket.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-hal-qmi.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-ltedirectdisc.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-qmi-1.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-radioconfig.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qcril-hook-oem.so
vendor/lib64/librilqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libsettings.so
vendor/lib64/libsystem_health_mon.so
vendor/lib64/qcrild_librilutils.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.am@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.atcmdfwd@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.lpa@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qcrilhook@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_client@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_server@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.connection@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.3.so

vendor/radio/qcril_database/qcril.db
-app/QtiTelephonyService/QtiTelephonyService.apk
-app/datastatusnotification/datastatusnotification.apk
-app/embms/embms.apk
-priv-app/qcrilmsgtunnel/qcrilmsgtunnel.apk

# Radio - IMS - from yandex
etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.0-java.xml
etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.1-java.xml
etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice.xml
framework/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.0-java.jar
framework/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.1-java.jar
framework/com.qualcomm.qti.uceservice-V2.0-java.jar
framework/vendor.qti.ims.callinfo-V1.0-java.jar
framework/vendor.qti.ims.rcsconfig-V1.0-java.jar
lib64/lib-imscamera.so
lib64/lib-imsvideocodec.so
lib64/lib-imsvt.so
lib64/lib-imsvtextutils.so
lib64/lib-imsvtutils.so
lib64/libimscamera_jni.so
lib64/libimsmedia_jni.so
lib64/librcc.so
vendor/bin/ims_rtp_daemon
vendor/bin/imsdatadaemon
vendor/bin/imsqmidaemon
vendor/bin/imsrcsd
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.uceservice@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/lib-dplmedia.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imscmservice.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsdpl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsqimf.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsrcs-v2.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsrcsbaseimpl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsxml.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcommon.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcore.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpdaemoninterface.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpsl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-siputility.so
vendor/lib64/lib-uceservice.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.3.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.4.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.ims.callinfo@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.ims.rcsconfig@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0-service-Impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0.so
-app/imssettings/imssettings.apk:vendor/app/imssettings/imssettings.apk
-priv-app/ims/ims.apk

# Time services - from yandex
-vendor/app/TimeService/TimeService.apk
vendor/bin/time_daemon
vendor/etc/init/init.time_daemon.rc
vendor/lib64/libtime_genoff.so

# Wifi - from yandex
vendor/bin/cnss-daemon

# WiFi Display - from yandex
bin/wfdservice
etc/init/wfdservice.rc
etc/wfdconfig.xml
etc/wfdconfigsink.xml
-framework/WfdCommon.jar
lib/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0.so
lib/libmmrtpdecoder.so
lib/libmmrtpencoder.so
lib/libwfdavenhancements.so
lib/libwfdclient.so
lib/libwfdcodecv4l2.so
lib/libwfdcommonutils.so
lib/libwfdconfigutils.so
lib/libwfdmminterface.so
lib/libwfdmmsink.so
lib/libwfdmmsrc.so
lib/libwfdnative.so
lib/libwfdrtsp.so
lib/libwfdservice.so
lib/libwfdsm.so
lib/libwfduibcinterface.so
lib/libwfduibcsink.so
lib/libwfduibcsinkinterface.so
lib/libwfduibcsrc.so
lib/libwfduibcsrcinterface.so
lib64/libwfdclient.so
lib64/libwfdnative.so
-priv-app/WfdService/WfdService.apk
vendor/bin/wifidisplayhalservice
vendor/etc/init/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0-halimpl.so
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0.so
vendor/lib/libwfdcommonutils_proprietary.so
vendor/lib/libwfdhaldsmanager.so
vendor/lib/libwfdhdcpcp.so
vendor/lib/libwfdmmservice.so
vendor/lib/libwfdmodulehdcpsession.so
